Good. next.
-Moving on to D.
-What?
Moving on to D.
Not yet. G's not right.
Are you wearing
your hearing aids?
Don't worry
about my hearing aids.
You forced it too fast.
it's growly. I can feel it.
Excuse me. repair guys?
This fucking...
Yes. ma'am?
The toilet's leaking.
Can you fix it?
What'd she say?
I'll give you an extra hundred.
What?
She wants us to fix the toilet.
Fix... What?
She'll pay us $100
to fix the toilet.
Okay. fine. 150.
Do we look like plumbers?
No. we don't fix toilets.
we're piano tuners.
We fix pianos.
Okay. 200.
Five hundred. we'll talk.
That's the ugliest fucking dog
I've ever seen.
She's standing right there.
She can hear you.
Hold on to the D.
I want to tell you something
about tuna fish. okay?
What do you want
to tell me about tuna fish?
Big tunas
have much more mercury.
What? You can get sick
from having too much mercury
in your body.
Did you know that?
So. I stopped eating big tunas.
You just ate a fucking
tuna salad sandwich.
Yeah. I know. but sometimes
we don't give a fuck.
Let's go.
It's not cholesterol
you gotta worry about.
It's called. uh...
Starts with an "I".
Don't worry about cholesterol.
worry about...
Uh. sorry. can I help you?
Good afternoon. mum... Ma'am.
Harry Horowitz from
the Harry Horowitz's Fine...
Piano. uh. Tune and Repair.
What do you want for lunch?
I don't want dementia.
Why do people like hamburgers?
Did they have hamburgers
when you were a kid?
Oh. you cocksucker.
Nobody plays the piano.
It's tragic.
It still needs a tune up.
-May I say that your...
-Bobby!
Bobby! Some guys
are here to fix the piano.
Harry. what the fuck
are you talking about?
I'm saying.
you have to worry about...
I forgot the word.
-Inflammation.
-Inflammation. Inflammation.
That's what they say.
That's what kills you. inflammation.
Hold this.
No. like this.
-What?
-My arm hurts.
Where's the nearest bathroom?
Don't walk on the lawn!
What are you doing?
The lawn is a piece of shit.
I'll have an apple. Thank you.
Thanks for coming in
on such short notice.
Herbie Hancock's
coming in tomorrow.
You tell Herb
that Harry Horowitz said
to stay away
from the tuna fish. yeah?
He'll understand.
The mercury.
Don't fucking start.
I told him about the mercury.
It's inflammation.
Mind like a steel trap.
You're just like your dad.
That is two minutes
I'll never get back. Harry.
Anyways. on my 16th birthday.
he takes me to Birdland.
and Oscar Peterson
is playing there.
And I can see him
from where I'm sitting.
And I don't know what it is.
but there's...
I've never seen hands
play like that.
Hmm.
Except you. You had great hands.
Why don't you play?
Why don't you play me something?
Ah. I'm pretty tired. Harry.
Come on.
play this old fart something.
I'm exhausted.
We're done. Harry.
I'm... I finished.
Play me something.
There you go. Happy birthday.
Quit looking at me like that.
Damn it.
♪ The evening breeze
♪ Caressed the trees
♪ Tenderly... ♪
This was my father's
favorite song.
It was the first song that
I ever played off sheet music.
Damn!
Fucking arthritis. I can't play.
It's okay. sweetheart.
Eat. eat. eat.
Your soup will get cold.
Niki. pass the salt.
You don't need the salt.
You want another heart attack?
Every time I ask... Sodium.
For salt. you say.
"You don't need salt."
I know you're doing it for my benefit.
Thank you.
Did you go for burgers today?
-What?
-Did you go for burgers today?
Of course not! We had
a salad and carrot juice.
I squeezed it myself.
-You blended yourself?
-Yes.
Right in the store? Yes.
Did you go behind
the counter and say.
-"Let me blend the carrots?"
-No. I squeezed it.
-Where are your hearing aids?
-What?
Where are your hear...
I'm sorry. Niki. Did he have
his hearing aids today?
Don't answer her.
just pass the salt.
No. no.
You don't need the salt.
but what you do need
is that you better find
your hearing aids.
because if you need new ones.
we have to pay out of pocket.
Do you understand that?
I know where they are.
They're in the safe.
What? Why would you
put them in the safe?
I accidentally put my watch
in the bathroom.
and my hearing aids in the safe.
-It was a mistake.
-Okay. so go get them.
-I can't.
-Why?
-It won't open.
-The safe?
I can't remember
the combination.
It's our wedding anniversary!
I changed it.
You changed it? Yes.
Okay. What did you change it to?
-I don't know.
-You don't know.
You make it sound intentional.
It'll come back to me.
It was a good number.
Better than
our wedding anniversary?
H-ee. how can you do your work
without your hearing aids?
It's not about hearing.
it's about...
a feeling.
Oh. pardon me. I almost forgot.
-It's about feeling. It's...
-Yeah.
It's all about feeling.
Yes. Feeling. feeling.
Excuse me.
You need your hearing aids.
Let me see the safe.
Niki. I tried Marla's birthday.
I tried my birthday.
your birthday.
your dad's birthday. I tried
Dizzy Gillespie's birthday.
You are losing your marbles!
Why are you on my back?
I make one mistake.
We should call the lock guy.
Who? Marty Fitzgerald.
Marty Fitzgerald's dead.
but go ahead and try him.
Okay. Niki. smash it open.
Just smash it open.
No. don't smash it open!
Honey. it's a 1.000 years old.
Come on. smash it.
It's a perfectly good safe!
It's not perfectly good anymore.
It's two inches of steel.
It's not really smash able.
-I can take it home...
-Yes!
Take it home?
Forget it. it's too heavy.
-Let him take it home.
-It's too heavy!
-Harry!
-He can fix anything.
Nik. Harry has
a doctor's appointment
tomorrow at noon in the city.
so you're gonna have to handle Shafitz
on your own.
Whatever you don't get through tomorrow.
don't worry.
You'll... You'll finish it
on Wednesday.
Yeah.
Oh. and there's that
house call in Alpine.
Yeah. yeah.
I'll be there by 4:00.
I'll let them know.
Get over here.
Nik?
Have you been smoking?
No.
Oh. how do you crack it?
You can hear
where the contact points are.
even when the safe is locked. right?
So. to a skilled safe cracker.
this is actually detectable
using touch and hearing.
The difference is
in the sound and feel.
When the fence grazes
these contact points.
it's so subtle that they're
basically imperceptible
without special equipment.
That's why it takes a trained professional
with sens...
but with patience and practice.
What we're listening for is
for the gate and the tumblers
to make the slightest contact
with the fence.
And now what we want to do
is keep going.
And you want to go slow
and steady.
The composition
students are preparing
for the year end showcase.
When the pianos aren't
pitched perfect.
everyone gets testy.
Start with the main stage.
Sorry.
Shit! Ruthie?
-Mm-hmm?
-The piano tuner's here.
Can you move
to one of the practice rooms?
I booked the main stage
like. a week ago.
We need the main stage ready
for this afternoon.
How long is it going to take?
About two hours.
-Um...
-Maybe two and a half.
Hmm.
Sorry.
Great. thanks.
I. uh. I needled
the right hand a little
made the melody section
a bit sweeter for you.
Can you hit E flat
above middle C?
E flat? It sounded good.
You sure?
Yeah. can I get 30 seconds?
Hmm.
Twenty seconds?
-Can I...
-I'll be quick. I promise.
I have to get back to work.
-Come on. scoot over.
-I got it.
Feel the difference?
Do you have perfect pitch?
Yeah.
What's this?
E.
G.
C.
A flat. E flat.
B flat.
Close your eyes.
You're cheating.
A. B.
C. F sharp.
B flat. E.
E7 flat 9.
F7. sharp 5. sharp 9.
F sharp.
G. A. A sharp. B over D sharp.
C major 7 sharp 11. B flat 13.
F sharp minor 7 flat 5.
E7 sharp 9.
G minor 11. E major 7 sharp 5.
D sharp minor 7 flat 5.
and C sharp major triad over
an open E minor triad.
The Strauss Elektra chord.
-See ya.
-Nice.
That's every note
except F sharp.
Hello. Hi. hi. Um...
Could you help me
reset the router?
The Wi-Fi is not working.
Pass the screwdriver. sir.
Move.
Hi. hello. hi.
-You lost?
-What?
You come in someone's house.
you don't ring the bell.
Sorry. the door was open.
I'm the piano tuner.
What's wrong with the piano?
Literally no one has touched that piano
since that thing we hosted for MS last year.
No one.
Yeah. sir.
pianos slip out of tune
whether you touch them or not.
Oh. wow.
Well. that's good to know.
Like anyone can tell
the fucking difference.
Sorry.
Mr. Conway is hosting
a fundraiser tomorrow night.
Billy Joel is performing.
Uh. ma'am. I can't...
I can't work
with all this noise.
Oh. gosh. I didn't even
think about that.
Can you come back
first thing in the morning?
No. I'm booked tomorrow. sorry.
Can you hang around until 8:00?
All of these guys will be gone.
you'll have the place to yourself.
-Ma'am. I...
-You know what?
Go...
grab a bite on Mr. Conway.
Call me if you have any issues.
Yeah.
God damn it.
Hello?
Who the fuck are you?
Piano tuner.
It looks like you're casing the place.
Looks like you're robbing the place.
You hear a foreign accent
and immediately you think
we are criminals?
N-No. it's just the drill.
We're installing a new security system. okay?
Mr. Conway asked us to move
the thing from this safe
to a new safe.
A smart safe.
-Bluetooth enabled.
-Much better.
Why didn't he give you
the combination?
Hey. hey. dude.
Who the fuck are you?
Insinuating accusations?
-Hey!
-It's discriminatory.
You know how hard it is to make it
in this country with a foreign accent?
-No.
-I built a company.
I employ people.
How dare you. huh?
What the fuck do you do?
I'm just a fucking
piano tuner. man.
I'm trying to do my job.
It's... It's loud.
Do you know how long you're gonna be?
Hard to say.
Can you give me a ballpark?
What is ballpark?
Rough estimate.
As long as it fucking takes.
So. unless you can open the safe.
fuck off.
Holy fuck.
All right. now shut the fuck up
so I can get back to work.
Tuner.
If you want to make real money.
give me a call.
You know. I used to come here
in high school with my buddy. Bob O'Dowd.
and he was in my first
jazz trio. I like to say.
And he had a fucked up hand.
He had a thumb.
and he had two fingers
and nothing else.
Great drummer.
He could even snare with it.
Shit. It's all right.
-You all right?
-Yeah.
I'm okay.
-Go on.
-I hate when I do that.
It looks like I pissed myself.
Hey. Frank. can I close out?
Yeah. sure. honey.
I'll be right there.
Hi. nice to see you again.
Hey.
-Introduce me.
-I don't know her name.
I'm Ruthie.
Hello. Ruthie.
I'm Harry Horowitz.
You can call me Harry.
just don't call me late
for dinner. Ba-dum-dum.
You steal that line
from my grandmother?
No. I never stole anything
in my life.
This is Niki.
He is my tuning apprentice.
He's more like my nephew.
though we're not related.
And I'll tell you one thing.
he is very eligible.
but he has a hearing condition.
as you can see from his plugs.
which are not hearing aids.
although that's
a common mistake.
He's not being rude.
it's doctor's orders.
And did I mention
he is very eligible?
-Harry.
-What?
-Please stop.
-Here.
you want a Boston cream?
It's good fuel for class.
Thank you so much.
What sort of class?
Uh... Advanced composition.
Do you hear that. Niki?
She's advanced.
Yeah. I heard her play.
She's good.
Yeah? It's high praise
coming from this guy.
who is a. believe it or not.
a virtuoso.
Wow. An eligible virtuoso. huh?
Well. actually. yes.
he was a child prodigy.
but he doesn't play anymore
because
of his hearing condition.
Maybe you can inspire him.
Oh. okay. Thank you. Harry.
She clearly has to go.
I do. I gotta go.
That's all right.
Okay. so walk her to class.
She doesn't want me
to walk her to class.
That's unnecessary. thank you.
I can...
Well. the menschy thing to do
is at least carry her books.
-Harry. it's not 1950.
-I can carry my own books.
What do you mean it's not 1950?
It's not such a big deal!
Just carry her books to class!
I don't want this.
Give me those.
I'm sorry for being
a bitch yesterday.
It's all right.
I can be a bitch. too.
Mm-hmm.
And a bit of a show off.
Nice.
It's okay. 'cause you're
also a virtuoso. so...
N-No. Harry just
makes that stuff up.
I like Harry.
Yeah. you and everybody else.
What was that piece
you were playing yesterday?
Something that I'm writing.
Sounded good.
Just good? Thank you. So kind.
You into Mussorgsky?
Yes. Pictures from an Exhibition
is an inspiration.
I heard it. Ravel too.
So you're saying
my piece is derivative?
Well. the arpeggios
are pretty distinct.
Fuck off.
It's very aggressive too.
You working through
some anger in this?
I mean. it's a eulogy. so...
Sorry.
What's it called?
Some Asshole Walks Me To Class
in G Minor.
-What do you think?
-It's good.
Rolls off the tongue.
Thanks for walking me to class.
Thanks for being walked.
"Thank you for being walked"?
The fuck is wrong with you?
Fucking idiot.
Oh. fuck.
This place is a shithole.
Nik.
I need you to sell the van.
What are you talking about? Why?
Harry got pissed off that
Medicare wouldn't cover
his hearing aids.
So he stopped paying
the premiums in protest.
-How much do you owe?
-Oh...
Maybe $36.000.
And whatever this turns into.
Jesus. Fuck. Marla.
Niki. you know
how stubborn he is.
-What was he gonna do?
-Fuck.
He hasn't raised
his prices in 30 years.
Let me buy the van.
What?
Where you gonna get
all that kind of money?
I don't know.
I'll figure it out.
Good afternoon. Mr. White.
This is Madeline Plotkin
from Lending Direct Financial
returning your call.
Unfortunately. your
insufficient credit history
excludes you from a small business loan
at this time.
Thank you.
After reviewing
your application.
we are unable to accommodate
your loan request.
Can I ask why?
Lack of business experience.
collateral. credit history.
cash flow. financials.
Okay. Yeah. Thank you.
You tick every box actually.
Bye. baby. bye.
Tuner! How are you. brother?
You're good?
You good? Come.
We've been here almost a year.
This is my cousin's place.
Very nice spot.
We're throwing here famous
techno rave parties
every month.
Lots of hot women
and great music.
You like?
-No.
-Okay.
So what do you think?
Oh. fuck.
Stacey. shut your mouth already.
Don't yell at her.
Don't tell me what to do.
What. you don't like dogs?
This is the jet-ski.
You can take it whenever you want.
Huh? Go to the lake.
do something with a woman.
So. this is Benny.
He's. uh. the son of my sister.
She asked me to tough him up.
It's not easy.
And this is Yoni. the smart guy.
Hi. guys. Say hi to Niki.
Hi to Niki. Hey. man.
Hi. Niki. How are you?
How are you doing?
-Everything is okay.
-Hey. uh...
Do you mind asking him
to turn it down?
Yoni. turn down your stupid game.
So we install
and monitor our security system
for boutique clientele.
I protect the wealthiest
homes in the state.
I know when my clients
are home and not.
You know how hard it is to find
a good. reliable lock guy?
Can you open it?
-Yoni.
-Hmm?
What is the word of someone
that is not sure of something.
but you can see on his face
that he's not sure?
Uh. skeptical.
Skeptical? Tuner.
why are you so skeptical?
So your clients don't notice
when their shit goes missing?
If you take a painting off
the wall. they notice.
If you take a signature piece
or a wedding ring. they notice.
But if you take a watch here
or a ring there.
nobody notice shit.
And if they do.
they fire the cleaning lady
and file an insurance claim.
What was the thing that you
were telling me about. Yoni?
Law of diminishing
marginal utility.
People with too much shit
don't appreciate their shit
as much as people
with less shit.
It's a different psychology
with those rich fucks.
It's a different world.
It's an opportunity.
I know where the doors are.
you know how to open it.
It's like... What's the word?
-Uh. synergistic.
-Synergetic.
So why do you ask me
if you already know?
You never know
what's behind those doors.
And Tuner. I can see in your eyes
that you are very. very curious.
I sure the fuck am.
Can you open it?
All right. but you got to get
the dog out of here.
Uh. Benny.
Get the dog out.
Take her on a walk. Take her on a walk.
Go on a walk.
Okay.
Ready?
Open it.
Ten minutes should be enough.
Hey.
You want one?
-No. I'm good.
-Okay.
Tuner.
I have a job for you
this Saturday.
How much does it pay?
More than the piano shit.
I need an advance.
That's the down payment
for the van.
You'll get the rest soon.
Where'd you get all this?
Don't worry about it.
Tell me who's on piano.
Should I know?
-I wasn't talking to you.
-Sorry.
Maybe it's Kenny Barron.
Horace Silver?
Maybe Tommy Flanagan?
Atta boy.
Harry Horowitz
Piano Tune and Repair.
Hi. Um...
A pipe burst in my apartment.
and the water came down and
completely soaked my piano.
I don't...
Harry gave me his card.
Um...
I'm sorry. who is this?
Uh. sorry. it's... This is...
I'm... This is Ruthie.
Um... You walked me to class.
Oh. oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah. Ruthie. Hi.
Uh...
What kind of piano is it?
It's a... a 1930s Bosendorfer.
Here.
The wood is just like...
Listen. it sounds like shit.
The wood is warping.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Uh. the keys are sticking.
Fuck. Do you think...
Could you come by now.
or today? I just... I...
This is a bit of an emergency.
Where are you?
I'm in Bushwick.
Bushwick. huh? Uh. okay.
It's okay if you're busy.
Just... Do you have...
Do you have a referral?
Uh. I'm in the piano...
I'm in the city right now.
Uh. I can be there in an hour.
That would be amazing.
I can just text you the address.
Thank you so much.
-Hi.
Thank you. thank you.
thank you. thank you.
Yeah. no problem.
This is a nice piano.
Where'd you get it?
Um. it was my grandmother's.
Oh.
Okay. Well. I'm gonna take out
the key action
and let it dry out.
Uh. what can I do to help?
You feeling strong?
Can you help me get this off?
Mm-hmm.
Where are we putting it?
On the floor?
-Uh. let's put it on the bed.
-Okay.
-You good?
-Yeah. You?
Yeah.
-Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
-You all right?
God. this is so fucking heavy.
How do you do this by yourself?
Well... I'm very strong.
So she left it for you. huh?
Yeah.
She left me two things.
She left me
a little pearl watch...
that I fucking lost
on the train.
And her piano. which I have now
managed to destroy.
It's not destroyed.
The key action's just swollen.
but some heat will help.
I'm gonna mitigate the humidity.
lube it up a bit.
I might have to re-brush some
of the felts in the joints.
Got a hair dryer?
Yeah.
Sorry.
This sounds expensive.
Don't worry. it's on the house.
No. no. no. no. no.
I would not feel comfortable
not paying you anything.
Well. if I was doing this
for a client on Fifth Avenue.
it costs $5.000.
Most of the pianos I fix
never get played.
they're just decorative.
whereas this one matters.
Can you plug that in?
Can I at least make you
like. a $5.000 bowl of pasta?
Okay.
How did you become
a piano player?
My grandmother taught me.
What do you want to do
after you graduate?
I mean. the dream would be
to apprentice for a composer.
Oh. yeah? Which one?
Maissner.
That's ambitious. You're
swinging for the fences.
Well. he takes one student
from my program every year.
I really want that job.
Do you always...
You never take those out?
No. not really.
I got this thing
called. uh. hyperacusis.
That means I'm allergic
to loud noises.
That's hot. right?
What are the. um...
the big ones for?
Uncontrolled acoustic
environments.
So basically everywhere?
Basically everywhere.
You'd be surprised
at how loud the world is.
You have some sauce on your...
You fucking kidding me?
How long has it been there?
Like. like. six bites maybe.
Hmm. Pianos aren't too loud?
I had. uh... I had years
of exposure therapy.
So. you know. soft
focused sounds are okay.
You don't play anymore?
No.
Why not?
Um...
Sorry.
I. uh... Uh. I got to go.
Um...
Thanks for dinner.
I'm gonna leave some my stuff here.
if that's all right.
Then I'll come back tomorrow.
and I'll finish up.
Yeah. Thank you so much.
-I really appreciate it.
-Yeah.
-Good night.
You like dogs?
Yeah.
I want to open
a special dog sanctuary
where they never kill the dogs
if nobody comes to get them.
Benny loves dogs.
He connected to them intellectually.
It's insulting to dogs.
Oh. come on. Shut your mouth.
Insulting the dogs.
You have to work
on your muscles. Benny.
Push-ups. pull-ups.
I will make you a man.
A lot of work.
but. uh. we are consistent.
It's right up here.
Yoni. shut the garage.
Uri.
Yes. it's here? Yeah.
I knew it.
I was just testing you.
I think he's going to puke.
Relax. he'll be fine.
Let's go.
You're up. Tuner.
Don't bitch out
on us now. Tuner.
You're the guy
who opens door. no?
Open it.
-You got this. Tuner. You're good.
-Uh...
Come on.
Do you know how this rich fuck
bought this fucking house?
This dick
started a lending firm
that offered subprime loans
with predatory terms
to minority communities
all around the country.
Do you understand?
Foreclosure en masse that put
hundreds of thousands
of people out on the street
if they miss two payments.
Two fucking payments.
So this dick.
live in this fuck you house.
while the rest of the world
are hungry.
So don't be a pussy.
Open it.
Get the fuck out of the bed.
you idiot!
Are you fucking crazy?
With your shoes?
Or...
you can give me back
the advance.
and we will get the fuck
out of here.
Fuck!
I thought you said this guy made
his money in blenders?
The Nutribullet.
Oh. I love my Nutribullet.
I'd like to make
a payment on a patient's account.
Harry Horowitz. room 410.
Date of birth?
August 8th. 1937.
The outstanding balance
on that patient's account
is $36.481.92.
How much would you
like to put down?
Uh. $10.000.
Sounds perfect.
I don't know how you did that.
Well. it's not perfect.
Tuners don't really use
the "P" word.
What do you mean?
Well. you got...
one individual key. right?
And you've got
the whole instrument.
Now the one key
might sound perfect.
but it might not in relation
to the 87 others.
Tuning a piano is...
about creating harmony
out of chaos and...
to do that. you gotta be
okay with imperfection.
Well...
She's good as new.
Want to give her a whirl?
What do you want to hear?
Whatever you want to play.
Hmm...
This is the first thing
I ever wrote.
Do you smell smoke?
Fuck!
Oh!
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. it's okay. I'm fine.
I. uh...
I'll get out of here.
Don't...
Don't go.
It's okay. It's okay.
Wow.
Think I feel better.
♪ What a day this has been
♪ What a rare mood I'm in
♪ Why. it's almost like
♪ Bein' in love
♪ There's a smile on my face
♪ For the whole human race
♪ Why. it's almost like
♪ Bein' in love
♪ All the music of life
seems to be
♪ Like a bell
that is ringin' for me
♪ And from the way that I feel
♪ When that bell starts to peal
Wow.
♪ I would swear I was fallin'
♪ Swear I was fallin'
♪ Almost like bein' in love
♪ What a day this has been
♪ What a rare mood I'm in
♪ Why. it's almost like
bein' in love
♪ Oh. there's a smile
on the face
♪ Of the whole human race
♪ I would swear I was fallin'
♪ Swear I was fallin'
♪ Almost like bein' in love
Love. love. love
♪ Almost like bein' in love ♪
Again! Three. four.
Okay. stop. stop!
Those cross rhythms are
just getting so hidden.
Judy. do you think you can
just attack those a bit more?
Yeah. I got it.
Okay. we got seven days left.
Please. no hard drugs
and no dying. yeah?
Thank you so much.
The mess.
-What?
-The mess.
What are you talking about?
It sounds...
The ending sounds like shit.
The harmonic progression
leading into the coda
is just fucking everything up.
I don't know what to do.
I only have two fucking hands.
Add a piano.
What do you mean. add a piano?
Yeah. add a piano or a keyboard.
It'll flesh out
the orchestration.
Fuck!
Fuck. that's actually
such a good idea.
That's so annoying.
Fuck!
Solved.
I think you need
to take a break.
No. I think I need to go
write a keyboard part.
Just take a second.
You've been here all day.
I think you should just take a minute.
all right?
Niki. I have one week left.
I can't take a break.
I got you something.
Is it a new ending?
No.
Whoa.
It's a... It's a Rolex.
Yeah.
Where did you get this?
I got it at an estate sale.
It reminded me of the one
of your grandma's.
the one in the picture.
that you lost.
I don't want it.
Okay. Why not?
This is just so new.
That's...
That's a... It's just a lot.
We've only been dating
for a month.
I'm sorry. I'm just stressed.
I feel like...
I've just been having...
I've been having too much fun.
And that's not a good thing.
because I really need to focus.
Okay.
Stop smiling.
No. no. no. I know. no.
I get it. I get it.
It's... It's... It's a lot.
I... I just... I don't...
I don't know what this is.
I do.
You're my girlfriend.
Unless...
Unless that's not what you want.
I don't know.
Sorry about the watch.
Wanted you to know how much...
It's actually such an insane
gift to give someone
one month in.
It wasn't that expensive.
I'll give it to you
when you're less spooked.
Don't touch it. that's my watch.
-Oh!
-Hi. Marla.
Niki!
-Get over here!
-How are you?
All the better for seeing you.
-This is Ruthie.
-Hi. Marla.
Wow. look at you!
Really something. hey?
Thank you.
Har? H-ee?
-Niki's here.
-What?
Niki is here
with his friend. Ruthie.
-Hey. Harry.
-What?
Hey. sheet music.
Get a chair. come here.
Hi. Harry. How are you feeling?
Oh. am I glad to see you.
You owe me a steak dinner.
You carried her books.
We actually
brought you some donuts.
but the nurse confiscated them.
Fucking vultures.
A pain in the ass.
She's eating my donuts
as we speak.
Niki. go get the box.
Niki. don't listen to him.
Sorry. Harry. Marla's in charge.
You used to be on my side.
Oh. I just remembered something.
Your dad was here
this afternoon.
You know what he told me?
H-ee. H-ee.
you're imagining things.
-No.
-No. sweetheart.
John... John died
a long time ago. sweetheart.
Why are you trying
to make me crazy? Why?
He wouldn't stop
talking about you.
He talked about
how brave you are
with your hearing.
He talked about
you playing a piano
when you were seven years old.
Do you know he's the best
piano player I ever heard?
I love you.
I love you. too. Harry.
Okay. we got to get out of here.
I don't like it here.
Let's go to a club.
I don't like it here. okay?
Well. what is this?
-What's on my hand?
-That's your bracelet.
It says who you are.
Oh. man. What is this place?
I don't like this place.
Do you want some water?
I have an idea.
Now you're talking.
Niki. play me something.
Uh. no. it's gonna be
Ruthie on this one.
You trust me?
You want to hear this girl.
Chickenshit.
Okay. Harry.
what do you want to hear?
You pick it.
Where did you get it?
What?
I went to the accounting
department this afternoon.
The cashier told me
we were all paid up.
It's getting a bit curious.
First you come up
with the cash for the van.
and now this?
I don't want you doing
anything stupid.
We'll be fine.
We'll be just fine.
You understand?
Do you understand me?
Tuner. it's Uri.
Why don't you pick up
the phone when I call you?
You don't love me anymore. huh?
I'm just kidding.
I got a job tonight.
Yoni will text you the details.
It's a little bit far.
but it's huge. it's big.
it's worth it. Don't worry.
Yeah. bye.
What the fuck?
Hi. Niki.
Benny. what is this?
What is what?
Whose house is it?
I don't know.
What are we doing here?
You have to ask Uri.
Whoo!
-Oh. Niki!
-What's happening?
Uri. what the fuck
are we doing here?
These are colleagues
of ours. okay.
Yeah. where the fuck are we?
Who are these guys?
They hire us
to open the safe. okay?
They hired us. we hired you.
Just sit on the chair.
and open the safe.
That's it. Then we're gone.
Do it for me.
Turn that shit off.
What am I supposed
to do with this?
Watch out. Rain Man.
Fucking guns?
Just do it. man.
Until the safe is open.
he's the boss. okay?
Phones on silent.
Benny. you too. And stop eating.
It makes noise.
Fucking damn it!
-Benny?
-Yeah. Niki.
Watch for incoming flights.
all right?
-How long is this...
-Shh!
-Don't fu...
Yoni. Plane.
Freezing.
Shut the fuck up!
Plane.
Is he in? Shit.
-He's in!
-What the fuck?
Yo. give me that.
Oh. yeah.
-You're good?
-Yeah.
We're gonna be
fucking rich. man!
Let's take a picture!
Yo!
What the fuck?
Everybody. chill.
Let me do the talking.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Get down. Get down.
Uncle. this isn't what it looks like.
You little shit.
I've been so good to you and your mom.
Put the motherfucking phones
in the fish tank.
Niki? You okay?
Shut the fuck up.
Toss your phone.
All of you.
Move your ass!
You too. curly.
Yeah.
Don't even think about it.
you son of a bitch!
All right. toss it over.
I told him-this was a bad idea.
-You lying sack of shit! You had the key!
-Get off!
Shut the fuck up.
Toss it over.
Hurry up and throw the book.
you son of a bitch.
You stupid fucker.
Pick it up.
Which one?
The sheet.
pick the fucking sheet up.
Jinwoo. you didn't think
I have this shit memorized?
Hey!
Don't fucking look at it.
Rip it in half.
The paper. rip it in half.
Again. Again.
-Now eat it.
-What?
Put the sheet in your mouth.
chew it. and then swallow it.
Come on.
Oh. you dip shits.
Fucking morons.
What did you think was gonna
happen here. huh?
Swallow it!
And you fucking two.
Who the fuck are you?
Show me.
All right.
Good. Now I want
all you motherfuckers to...
Mystery. ocean.
Shadow. falls. discover. baby.
Solar. arch. random. piano.
paddle. one.
Hello?
It's Marla.
Hey.
Whoa. whoa.
Hey. man. I'm really
sorry for your loss.
There'll never be
another man like Harry.
You know what we used to call him?
Tuner fish.
-Crazy. right?
-That's dumb.
Yeah. but...
But he was fresh.
Yeah. well. thank you
for being here. Mr. Hancock.
Would have meant a lot to Harry.
Oh. man.
Are you kidding?
Oh. I almost forgot.
You're gonna be tuning pianos. right?
Mm. yeah. Uh...
For now anyway.
I hope it's like Harry.
It won't be.
Sir. would you excuse me
for one second?
-Sure. go ahead.
-It's good to see you.
The whitefish needs more dill.
What are you doing there?
My grandfather had
a smoked fish shop in Vilnius.
Extra dill. that was his secret.
He died in the concentration camps.
but the recipe lives on.
You need to leave.
It's a mix for to visit Shiva.
Please.
Listen.
I'm sorry about the other night.
Shit got out of control.
Uri.
Leave.
You swallowed the password
to a vulnerable crypto account.
But the thing is. Tuner.
there is another way in.
A hardware wallet
at the guy's house.
Another key behind another door.
I need you to open it.
Be at my place tomorrow.
-No.
-10:00 p.m.
-No. forget it. I'm done.
-Yeah?
This is your girlfriend
over there?
She has beautiful hands.
Show up. Understand?
There is a lot
on the fucking line.
Hello.
I'm Marla. I'm...
I'm Harry's wife.
-Marla.
-Yes.
That was my mother's name.
Really? Yeah.
My deepest condolences.
Thank you.
Harry was a very special man.
He was lucky to have Niki.
Harry loved Niki
very much. as do I.
Please eat.
He... He has to go.
I'm sorry. but I have to leave.
Niki. I'll see you tomorrow.
What a mensch.
Who is this guy?
It's just a guy from work.
You had something to eat?
Hello?
Sounded great.
I just... I just hope that...
I hope Maissner responds
to my piece.
Hopefully he does.
Hey. why are you
being so flippant?
This is a really big deal.
I've been working on this
for a really long time.
It's tomorrow.
I'm feeling. like. very anxious
and intimidated.
Well. don't feel anxious.
What's Maissner done lately?
I love Maissner.
I don't know. Fuck.
What are you doing?
Why can't you just say
something nice?
Like "Ruthie. Maissner would be an idiot
not to pick you."
-Or something nice.
-What do you want from me?
You want me to just sit here
and blow smoke up your ass?
Yeah. you're the best composer
since Mozart.
Maissner's gonna hear your piece tomorrow.
he's gonna fucking retire
because how could he possibly carry on
knowing that a once in-a-thousand-year talent.
Ruthie Waymon.
exists in the world?
That was supportive?
I would say that was mean.
And you just don't get it.
What don't I get?
You don't get what it's like to be working
towards something your entire life.
You're a piano tuner.
You get up in the morning.
you go to work.
you come home. you go to sleep.
You're not working towards anything.
That's fine.
But I really don't appreciate
the condescending tone.
You think I'm not working
towards anything?
I spent two years in a dark fucking room
where the sound of my own
voice was fucking agonizing.
You know that's not what I'm talking about.
Imagine you wake up tomorrow...
Imagine you wake up tomorrow
and you can't play music.
Who are you?
Just imagine that.
Who... Who are you?
You're nothing.
And I'm fucking nothing.
I'm nothing.
I'm a fucking piano tuner.
Fine.
But every single fucking day
I am working towards
just being okay.
getting through the fucking day.
I'm sorry.
It's a fucking miracle that I can be
near one of those.
It's a fucking miracle.
My life was ripped out from under me.
My life was supposed to be your life.
This.
So don't fucking sit on your pedestal
and tell me I'm not working
towards anything.
Because I was a better
fucking piano player
than you'll ever be.
Okay. then. Niki.
you should play me something.
Come on. play for me.
What. are you scared?
No. seriously.
Play me something.
Are you fucking kid...
Oh. fuck.
Niki.
I really tried to be nice with you.
but if I tell you to show up.
you fucking show up!
Y'all motherfuckers. please speak English.
Don't worry. Niki!
Hey!
Hey. Niki.
Thank fucking God.
It's okay. okay. Bring him.
Yeah. Bring your hand.
All right.
Yeah. he's good. He's good.
He's okay. Yeah.
All right.
No. no. all good.
I can't be here. I gotta...
Jinwoo. get the rug.
Open the safe.
Hmm. what time is it?
Open the fucking safe!
I... I can't open the safe.
My ears are fucking ringing.
Open it!
You fucking prick.
Goddamn it. I can't open
the fucking safe.
My ears are fucking ringing.
Ladies and gentlemen.
it's my great pleasure
and honor to welcome you
to the Shafitz Conservatory
Master...
I can't fucking hear anything.
Coffee. Coffee. I need coffee.
I fucking hate you guys.
Third row. center.
You're up next.
Deep breaths.
I... I got somewhere to be.
Then you probably should
hurry the fuck up.
Say one more fucking word.
I swear to God.
Hey. hey. hey. relax. guys.
Relax.
What the fuck do you have to do?
Last. but certainly not least.
please welcome Ruthie Waymon
from New Britain. Connecticut.
Seventeen million!
I'm very proud of you today.
Thank you.
-Well done.
-Thank you! Thank you.
Focus now.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
It's good. Yeah.
Maestro.
Ruthie.
Maestro Marius Maissner.
It is such an honor
to meet you. Maestro.
Please.
I have been commissioned
to compose a new piece
to premiere
at the Sydney Opera House
next winter.
That's so exciting.
I need an assistant
with orchestral flair
and technical precision.
Are you comfortable
with long hours?
Yes. of course.
There is no ego in my studio
except for mine.
which is big enough.
One moment you might be
working on a concerto.
and... and...
the next. fetching the coffee.
Understood.
It shouldn't be a problem.
It is just a little thing.
It is...
a little bit silly.
I am wondering. where did you
get this elegant timepiece?
My boyfriend gifted it to me.
Her boyfriend
is our piano tuner.
Oh.
Hey! Where's Ruthie?
Whoa! In the Dean's office. I think.
Four weeks ago. I...
discovered that
significant objects
were missing from a safe
in my armoire.
Among them. two watches
that my grandfather
and grandmother
exchanged on their wedding day.
My grandfather entrusted
these two watches
to his housekeeper in Paris
before he was taken away
by the Nazis.
This is a truly stunning coincidence.
I would very much like to know
how the piano tuner
acquired this watch.
Ex... Excuse me one moment.
Sorry.
Sorry. sorry.
I had to...
I had to run 16 blocks.
I lost my keys.
so I couldn't drive. and...
Where did you get the watch?
What?
You gave me a stolen watch.
Do you know that?
-Did you know?
-No. I...
I didn't know.
Where did you get the watch?
Uh...
Niki. where did you
get the watch?
It's a long story.
and...
I can explain the whole thing.
all right? It's. uh...
But I was just trying to do
something nice for you.
-but...
-I was...
It was wrong. I fucked up.
okay? I'm sorry.
I was really worried about you last night.
I'm really glad that you're okay.
Don't follow me.
-No. please.
-I'm sorry. Just let me...
No. no. no. I don't want
to talk any more.
This is a deeply
upsetting situation.
I don't know that I would
be comfortable
employing your brilliant Ruthie
knowing her boyfriend
is a thief.
No. Hey.
Ruthie didn't know
anything about this.
I know you have no reason to trust me.
but just...
Just. please believe that
she didn't know anything.
Maestro. would you like me
to call the police?
Oh. come on.
No. no. no. no. wait.
I have an aversion
to the authorities...
but I suppose we must.
Wait.
Wait. wait. wait.
Just hear me out.
You said there's a second watch.
Prince Rolex.
rectangular gold case.
alligator strap.
Yes?
-What if I can get it back?
-Hold on. please.
Is that possible?
Yes. I can get it back.
Okay.
Hey. Marla...
I came by the house yesterday.
and I left you something
in the piano.
Don't be mad.
Holy shit.
I love you.
♪ Well. I run to the rock
♪ Please hide me
I run to the rock
♪ Please hide me. Lord
♪ All along that day
♪ But the rock cried out
♪ I can't hide you
The rock cried out
♪ I ain't gonna hide you. guy
♪ All along that day
♪ I said. "Rock"
♪ "What's the matter
with you. Rock?" ♪
Fuck! Stacey!
Fuck!
You fucking kidding me?
Huh? Huh?
Uri.
Get the fuck out of here!
I caught him fucking around
in the safe.
Benny. go grab the air horn.
You motherfucker!
You asshole!
You shit!
You son of a bitch!
You dick!
Who do you think you are. huh?!
I thought you were my brother. you asshole!
You walk in here and steal from me?!
You asshole!
Huh?! What do you think you're doing?!
Fuck you!
Give me the fucking watch.
-This watch?
-Yeah.
Bring the horn!
Look.
I just need the watch. all right?
I'll leave. just give me
the fucking watch.
Bring the horn!
Stacey!
-Blow the fucking air horn!
-Come here. my love! How did you get out?
-Blow the fucking horn!
-No way. it'll scare the dog.
Blow the horn. you fucking moron!
Come on you moron. you pussy!
The guy we stole this from
doesn't want any trouble. all right?
He's not gonna call the cops
as long as I can give it back to him.
It's his grandfather's Holocaust watch.
We stole a Holocaust watch?
But that's bad. Uri!
His whole family
was wiped out. all right?
It's the only thing
he's got left.
Fuck. Uri.
just give me the watch.
You can fuck off
with your money.
Bad juju to steal a holocaust watch.
He's right. Uri.
You gotta give back the Holocaust watch.
Obviously. man.
it's the right thing to do. brother.
-The right thing to do.
-Oh.
Uri. wait one second.
Listen for a sec.
-No. Uri. stop.
-Bro. please listen.
Uri. stop. I'm begging you!
No. Uri. no! No. no!
Uri. no!
Mr. White. can you hear me?
Your eardrums have been ruptured.
Don't try to stand.
I'm getting the doctor.
Here are your belongings.
Take care. okay?
Niki.
What am I gonna do with you?
Hey.
Let's go. boy chick.
Thank you for waiting.
The Maestro will see you now.
Steinways are fussy.
so I switched to Yamaha.
Ah.
What happened to you. Tuner?
We had a tuner last week.
a fat man with lame ears.
I'm displeased.
Perhaps you could help.
Maestro.
the first movement is proofed
and ready for printing.
if you like to go over it one more time.
Ruthie.
The tuner is absolved.
I'll be right in. Maestro.
Take your time.
What happened to you?
I can't hear you.
What happ... What happened?
Just got into some trouble.
I'm all right.
I should get back to work.
E flat is out.